- Hi, Vogue.
I'm Sora.
I'm gonna show you my skincare routine.
I'm literally, literally shy person.
First step, wash my face.
This is my favorite cleanser.
[light music]
This smell is so good.
So literally, I love it.
[light music]
My skin is...
Thank you, Mom and Dad. My skin is strong.
This is Essence from Korea.
This is very moisturizing, hydrated,
and very, you know, gentle.
So probably baby, they can use.
This is cream for the same brand.
The Essence.
Very light, hydrated.
[light music]
When I started the modeling, 18 years old,
they do very heavy makeup.
My skin is not too sensitive skin,
and then very strong,
so not make trouble.
But now getting older a little bit,
so getting trouble a little bit sometime.
I get 30 years old,
I started to care for the skin.
This is for that spot care.
When I get the spot, the acne,
I just do top coat like this.
And then after the day, it's come down.
So my favorite one too.
My friend recommended to me
when I wake up in the morning,
puffy.
So this one is making puffy down.
If you get really puffy
person, use that stuff.
[light music]
Just one minute.
This is hair brush.
But also, I can do the Gua Sha too.
So I do like here.
[light music]
This spot, doing the Gua Sha,
making lifting like this, so.
It work.
I'm very lazy person.
If I'm not doing the modeling,
I'm not really do the skin care,
and I'm not really doing the Gua Sha too.
[light music]
Oh, it feels like fresh.
So this is sun cream.
I'm not really use foundation normally
because I hate it.
Heavy feeling.
This is very light, very natural toner.
[light music]
See? Tiny bit.
Tiny bit natural toner.
I use the Chanel cheek.
The two color I have.
This is more like a natural color,
and this is more like a [speaks Korean].
Today, natural.
I was really quiet and really shy person.
So it was school,
and my friend come to me,
"Sora, I wanna do the model,
but I don't wanna go alone,
so can you come with me?"
Normally, I say no. Why?
Why I have to go?
But I just, I don't know why, I say yes.
They really interesting to me.
And then I just came out my brain.
"Oh, interesting. Why not?"
I was really not confident person,
so I didn't know top model.
I didn't know that.
Now I love the shooting,
but I prefer the runway
because more, like, exciting.
My life, I wanna be mom.
I wanna get five baby.
Girl, girl, boy, boy, girl.
Someone say, "Get first
and you will be changing the mind."
So then think.
My next makeup step is powder.
This is very light and
tiny with popular color.
So they make little bit tone up too.
I'm not really, don't like the sticky.
My favorite runway show.
My first show, Louis Vuitton Cruise Show
10 years ago.
Actually, I was in Korea,
and then my Korean booker call me.
"Hey, Sora, we talking
about outside Korea, doing the modeling.
So, you interesting? So, yes?"
And then she say, "So,
you have to go Paris
four days after, so."
"What?"
[Sora speaking Korean]
It was so fast.
After four days, I had to go Paris.
And then landing up there
and then straight to go to casting.
I just packing my high heel,
my [indistinct].
Okay.
The casting director, she called me back.
And that changed the look.
And then I working, have five time.
And then they call someone.
So she come to me.
"Sora, can you walk more
like a tough, strong eye,
strong working, powerful,
like, confident something?"
So, "Oh, okay."
So I walking.
And then the Nicholas, he say,
"Oh my God, this is perfect.
That look is for you. Only for you."
So I did the show in Morocco.
Wow.
My next step, makeup fixer.
[light music]
This is very light. So I love it.
This is the lip balm.
Change the color too.
And very light.
[light music]
Sometime when I go out, I'm not really
bring to this one, I use the this one.
So I just do the like this.
[light music]
Easy.
And the color is really nice too.
Natural.
This is my favorite hand cream.
JINsoon.
She's Korean too.
So nice person.
And sometimes I wanna be more drama.
I do the mascara.
[light music]
Doing like a tiny bit.
Tiny bit. Tiny bit like that.
Because I'm not really use the eyeliner.
So doing the mascara
a tiny bit more like a [speaks Korean].
This is my favorite body cream too.
[light music]
Really fun backstage memory.
It was four years ago, something.
After the show, I rushed to go next show.
I just have one hour between.
But all the guests sitting in the runway.
So I just doing like, "I'm sorry.
I'm a model.
I'm so sorry. I need to go."
And I'm go inside. Everyone waiting to me.
And I first just changing the look.
And it doing one person, one person,
one person, one person,
one person, one person.
One person, the feet.
One person, the other feet.
I just standing like this position
and the production team come to me,
"Hey, Sora, you working
like this, this, this, this, this, this.
You understand?"
"Okay, I will be my best."
And then just 10 minutes
after, just start.
So [whistles].
But I'm not missing, so everything good.
This is my favorite, favorite perfume.
But discontinued.
When I wear this perfume,
people come to me.
"What's your perfume?"
It's a very good combination,
my skin smell and this.
And then when I go to the fitting
or, like, a studio or, like, a backstage,
everyone know my smell
because I only use this one.
I just searching eBay.
So I buy everything.
So I have a 20 piece, this one.
But I was doing this perfume light,
almost like a perfume shower like that.
But now [speaks Korean].
So I do like, boop.
[perfume sprays]
[light music]
That's it.
I almost forgot.
This is my favorite red lip color.
Sexy, pretty, chic, everything.
[light music]
Hm. Yeah.
Thank you for watching my beauty secret.
I'm ready to go.
Thank you.
Bye, Vogue.
[light music]